We were really going
to let you all go in eight days.
Now that my cover's blown,
I wonder what instructions
the party will give me.
What kind of order regarding security,
Mr. ANSP Agent?
Don't tell me
you'll kill all the students.
If they want to keep everyone quiet,
they'll have to kill every single one.
But do you think
that'll keep your cover hidden forever?
Your true identity
will be revealed someday like me.
And when that happens,
you'll realize you've lived for nothing.
If you kill the innocent students,
how will you carry that guilt
for the rest of your life?
I wonder if you can keep being
hypocritical when faced with death.
Should I test it?
Look.
I'm the one who planned the escape.
I coaxed them into it.
She didn't do anything wrong.
She tried to stop me.
Shut up.
If we must kill a hostage,
you're the first.
Lock them in the basement for now.
Ms. Pi.
Are you okay?
Mr. Lee.
I'm okay.
The Chief of Surgery
at Hankuk Central Medical Center
is an undercover spy?
And the ANSP sent her in here.
It means she even penetrated the agency.
You think so too, right?
To keep her cover hidden,
she'll kill all the hostages.
You tried to escape knowing all that?
Should I have done nothing
trusting a frustrating enemy?
So what difference did it make?
Your stupidity has put
the hostages in more danger.
You want to save Yeong-ro too, right?
I want to save her too.
I know you don't want
the hostages to get killed. Neither do I.
She must be still loyal to the North
like any veteran spy would be.
But if she finds out they traded
their agents' lives for money,
I'm sure she'll change her mind.
Bring Han-na in.
She obtained the proof.
I know they locked her up,
but if you specifically ask for her,
they'll have to send her in.
Even if they took her recording,
she must've heard something.
Right?
Bring her in
and listen to what she has to say.
You're the only one I can trust.
Please save the students' lives.
You know they're innocent,
don't you?
Help us.
Please.
Lim Soo-ho!